{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Module Challenge: iOS Development Tools - Sprites
\fs24 \

\fs26 [ Week 1 of Mastery-Based Partnership ]\
\

\fs24 Why do we use version control? Under what circumstances would you need version control features and why?\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 >> We use version control because it does 3 things that are all very important . First, it adds a safety net to our code - we can go back to an earlier version of a project if we need to. Second, it allows for collaboration. If you are working in a large group, you can coordinate changes. And finally, it lets you try things out and work on them before adding them to your project or your commit. You would use version control features in any of the previous situations - if you need to delete a version of something or merge the previous two versions, or restore old versions. You would use it if you are working independently, but on the same issues as a larger group. And you would use it to try out code by creating branches that make a separate and safe environment where you are isolated in what you\'92re working on. 
\b \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
What are the navigator, editor, and inspectors areas in Xcode? What are their roles and how do you use them?\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 >> Navigator: the navigators bar is on the far left side of the Xcode screen and it contains different navigators that help with your project. The \'93Project\'94 navigator manages all of the files in the project, allowing you to move between them, add/delete files, and launch them to display on the screen. The \'93Search\'94 navigator helps you find strings among the files in the project. The \'93Issue\'94 navigator will show warnings or errors that come up when building/running your project.\
>> Editor: the Editor area is where all of the coding takes place. When you click on a file in the project navigator section, it opens the contents of that file in the Editor. \
>> Inspector: the inspectors bar contains different inspectors that allow you to change and manipulate the user interface of the application being built. The \'93Attributes Inspector\'94 allows you to change physical attributes of your user interface. The \'93Identity Inspector\'94 shows the information about the class and identity of the views. The \'93Size Inspector\'94 allows you to change the size of the objects you are working with.
\b \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
How do you center a view in Interface Builder? How do you stretch one?\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 >> You can center a view in Interface Builder by first selecting the view, then going to the Align bar at the bottom and selecting both \'93Horizontally in Container\'94 and \'93Vertically in Container\'94, and then selecting \'93Add 2 Constraints.\'94 You can stretch a view by selecting the view, then going to the Tie Fighter, or the \'93Add New Constraints\'94 bar at the bottom and changing all four of the Spacing to Nearest Neighbor to 0, then selecting \'93Add 4 Constraints.\'94
\b \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
What is SpriteKit and why do people use it?\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 >> SpriteKit is a class that contains graphics that are animated. People use them to add interesting visual animations to apps or games.
\b \
}