{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18780\viewh12820\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 1. Why do we use version control? Under what circumstances would you need version control features and why?\
\
We use version control to track changes made to an app or apps. Version control also lets us step forward and backward in the process to access specific versions later if we need to.\
\
2.  What are the navigator, editor, and inspectors areas in Xcode? What are their roles and how do you use them?\
\
The Navigator area is the left-most area in the main Xcode window. It shows the name of the project, its associated .swift files, Main.storyboard, assets and .plists. This area lets us select the pieces of the project that we need to work on.\
\
The Editor area takes up the middle portion of the Xcode window and can show different things including a source editor, a project editor, the Interface Builder, property list (plist) editor, and a rich text editor, depending on what you select in a Navigator toolbar.\
\
The Inspectors area is on the right edge of the main window, and when it\'92s displayed, depending on what\'92s selected on the main storyboard, it allows you to change font sizes, change colors of various elements, align text, precisely resize elements, and so on.\
\
3.  How do you center a view in Interface Builder? How do you stretch one?\
\
A view can be centered in Interface Builder by selecting the \'93Align\'94 button and a view can be stretched by using the \'93Add New Constraints\'94 button. Both buttons are in the lower right-hand corner of the Editor area.\
\
4. What is SpriteKit and why do people use it?\
\
SpriteKit is a rendering and animation framework that can be used to animate arbitrary textured images called sprites. It can be used for games and apps that need flexibility in how animations are handled.\
}