{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green31\blue34;\red255\green255\blue255;\red10\green77\blue204;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c1176\c40000\c83922;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww33100\viewh17120\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Question:\
Why do we use version control? Under what circumstances would you need version control features and why?\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Answer:\
We use version control to maintain code projects under an organized set of procedures and processes that enable the participation of many contributors and versions of a software application. Version control systems like Git/Githib maintains the integrity and control of changes over time through branching, committing and push capabilities,\
\
Question:\
\cb3 What are the navigator, editor, and inspectors areas in Xcode? What are their roles and how do you use them?\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Answer:\
The far left side of Xcode contains the Navigator pain. This gives the developer a view of all the files associated with a given project including code files, interface files, image/other assets and the info.plist. The center area is the Editor area and is  where developers are able to edit files either directly in program files or in Interface Builder using a graphical interface. When in Interface Builder, the Inspector window appears at the far right and allows the set up and configuration of all objects in Interface builder. This allows the assignment of Objects to custom classes, size and layout of objects, and the required settings for any given object.\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Question:\
How do you center a view in Interface Builder? How do you stretch one?\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Answer:\
Select the object either with mouse selection or in the Document Pane in Interface builder and using the \'93Add New Constraints\'94 (aka \'93Tie Fighter\'94) to set all sides to \'930\'94 OR use \'93Align\'94 to select both \'93Horizontally in Container\'94 and \'93Vertically in Container\'94. Once these constraints have been set, they can be edited in the Inspector Pane using the settings in the View tab.\
\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What is SpriteKit and why do people use it?\
SpriteKIt is a iOS framework for creating 2D touch interactions used especially in game development.\
\
\
\
\
\ls2\ilvl0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs48 \cf4 \
}