{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green31\blue34;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Why do we use version control? Under what circumstances would you need version control features and why?\
Version does 3 key things which include keeping a safety net on your files so you are able to go back on mistakes when necessary. It also lets you collaborate which helps you coordinate in groups. It also lets you try out different things out before adding them into your project. Sometimes projects need new feature or a modification in code. \
\
What are the navigator, editor, and inspectors areas in Xcode? What are their roles and how do you use them?\
The navigator organizes tasks and components within Xcode. The editor allows you to make changes to your code while viewing what those changes may do. It helps to fix errors in code and to be able to see the changes you make. \
\
How do you center a view in Interface Builder? How do you stretch one?\
You can center a view on interface builder by clicking the align button and either setting exact measurements or simply use the guiding lines to center the view. You can also stretch one by clicking on the object and stretching with the arrows around the object. \
\
What is SpriteKit and why do people use it?\
Spritekit is a framework for iOS which allows us to build games with ease. }